DOCSP-46239 Update examples on Authorization and Authentication page (#75)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/auth.txt

            .. include:: /includes/examples/cli-example-auth-temp-user-devtest.rst

            Run the following command to configure Workforce Identity
            Federation with OIDC. 

            .. include:: /includes/examples/cli-example-auth-oid-devtest.rst

            Run the following command to create an :abbr:`OIDC (OpenID
            Connect)` federated authentication user. 

>             .. include:: /includes/examples/cli-example-auth-oidc-user-devtest.rst

Reviewer: this file is actually empty

Author: removed

            .. include:: /includes/examples/tf-example-auth-scram-devtest.rst

>             Use the following to set up an :abbr:`OIDC (OpenID Connect)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            Use the following example to set up an :abbr:`OIDC (OpenID Connect)`
```

            federated identity provider in |service|, for using it with
            |azure| and then create an :abbr:`OIDC (OpenID Connect)`

>             federated authentication user. It allows access by using
>             OIDC tokens issued by |azure| Active Directory. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            federated authentication user. It uses OIDC tokens issued by |azure| Active Directory to allow access. 
```
